                                                     **Beer Consumption - Sao Paulo**
Beer is one of the most democratic and consumed drinks in the world. Not without reason, it is perfect for almost every situation, from happy hour to large wedding parties. If you just think about it, you already feel like having a beer, you’re not alone.
The truth is that around the world, thousands of people consume the drink regularly and also in different situations. But have you ever stopped to think about which countries are the most consuming beer in the world? The first one that came to your head was Germany? Well, know that it is not so.
The answer to that question is resounding: the Czech Republic. According to research by the Japanese beverage company Kirin, the country has topped the per capita beer drinking table for 23 consecutive years.
In 2015, the most recent year for which statistics are available, the Czechs drank 142.4 litres per person. That’s the equivalent of 250 pints — or one every 35 hours. But, given that minors are unlikely to be contributing to that figure, it’s safe to assume that the average beer drinker probably guzzles quite a bit more.
Snapping at the Czech Republic’s heels are the usual pretenders. Austria and Germany come third and fourth, Poland sixth and Ireland seventh.There are some surprises, however. In second place is the Seychelles, a lofty ranking which we’ll put down to the hot climate and the large number of holidaymakers.
The data (sample) were collected in São Paulo — Brazil, in a university area, where there are some parties with groups of students from 18 to 28 years of age (average). The dataset used for this activity has 7 attributes, being a Target, with period of one year.
